PROG6212 POE Part 2 - Change Log

*App Functionality: 
 The user can add multiple modules for the semester with all the required data. The data is stored in memory.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.

 Changes made: Updated the feature in question, big fixes have been made shich allow data entry without issue.

*App functionality: 
 The user can enter the number of weeks and start date for the first week, and this is stored in memory.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.

 Changes made: Updated the feature in question, this data will be stored in the SQL Database.

*App functionality: 
 The list of modules is displayed to the user.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.

 Changes made: Updated the feature in question.

*App functionality: 
 The hours per week is correctly calculated and displayed to the user.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.

 Changes made: Updated the feature in question, the necessary calculatiuons corrections have been made to the sum.

*The user can record hours spent on a module and this is stored in memory.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.
 
 Changes made: Updated the feature in question, this data will be stored in the SQL Database as is needed.

*App functionality: 
 The remaining hours for the week are correctly calculated and displayed to the user.
 'The feature is implemented with some bugs'.

 Changes made: Updated the feature in question, any and all calculation errors have been fixed.

*Usability: 
 The user interface is easy to use.
 'The user interface can be used but is not very logical.
 Feedback:
 Does not include a user interface, only submitted a .sln file, which cannot run on its own'.

 Changes made: Attempted to re-create the User Interface and export it, the interface should now be accessible to the user.

*Application Structure: 
 The application makes use of LINQ.
 'LINQ is used with some issues in the implementation.
 Feedback:
 Does not use LINQ'.

 Changes made: I recreated the Database I needed to create for this assignment, I have made use of LINQ wherever I could find use of it.

*Application Structure: 
 A custom class library was created.
 'A custom class library with some classes was created and is used by the application, but there are some issues'.

 Changes made: I fixed some of the techinical issues associate with it.

*Coding Standards: 
 The code is well structured and documented.
 'Code structure can be somewhat improved or too few comments included'.

 Changes made: I made the some updates to the code and included more descriptive comments as well as removed any redundant code or information.

*Documentation: 
 UML diagram accurately reflects the class structure.
 'A good diagram with only one or two mistakes'.

 Changes made: I re-created the UML with better strcuture, while updating the classes and providing explanations made to the diagram.

*Documentation: 
 The readme file provides enough information to run the app.
 'The readme file presents most of the information about running the app but could be more detailed'.

 Changes made: I updated the Readme file with more details regarding running the updated WPF Application and how to use the new SQL Database.

*Other Marks: 
 Advanced features not covered in class (Bonus Marks).
 'No advanced features were used. Minimal use of advanced features'.

 Changes made: I aded advanced features to help inprove my program overall, I used WPF features that I felt were the most useful for my program's needs.