--------------------READ ME---------------------

The Steps:


For The Program:
 1.Open the program file 'PROG6212 POE Part 1 WPF and Class Library' in Visual Studio.

 2.Open Project inside of Visual Studio.

 3.Compile the program then Run the project by clicking on the green play button at the top of teh screen.

 4.Choose between either 'Logon' or 'Register' Tab, both will allow the user to enter thier 'User name' and 'Password, in order to use the program's 'Home' Tab.
   Once this is done, go to the 'Home' tab.

 5.The 'Register' tab will ask you to:
   *Enter your Username.
   *Enter your Password.

 6.The 'Login' tab will ask you to:
   *Enter your Username again.
   *Enter your Password again.

   The 'Register' button is added incase a user forgets the first step.

 7.The 'Home' tab it will ask you to: 
   *Enter data for the Modules ('Code', 'Name', 'Number of credits', 'Class hours per week')
   *Enter data for the 'number of weeks' in the semester.
   *Enter data the 'start date' of the first week for the semseter.

   Enter this information and hit enter after each entry.

 8.In the next part of the WPF Application, it will:
   *Display a list of the modules with the number of hours of self‐study that is required for each module per week
   *Record the number of hours they spend working on a specific module on a certain date.
   *Display how many hour sofself‐study remain for each module for the currentweek
  
   These functions will be based upon variables created from the data you entered in 'Step 4'.

 9.The program will display an end screen with all the desired details.

 10.When you are satified, you can now close the application.

For The Database:
 1.Locate the 'POEPart2.sql' file.

 2.Open it up via 'SQL Server Managemnet Studio'.

 3.make use of the SQL Select Statements to access specific peices of information, each one is indicated with a comment about it's functionality.

 4.Use SQL Statemntsto check that all the data entered by user is stored and is correct.

 5.When you are satified, you can now close 'SQL Server Managemnet Studio'.


Brief Description:

This Project is a beginning of the  POE section: 'PROG6212 POE Part 2'. 
I followed the steps provided in the Question Paper in order to have the updated program work as intended.

A computer program used help 'Lerato' to organise her life better. The program will have to be able to store which modules a student is doing.
Every module is worth a specific credits number. The credit number multiplied by ten equals the number of hours spent on it throughout the semester.
Some of the hours will be in class, and the rest will have to be distributed through out the weeks.